hello and welcome to the first one
let's play clashes clans i'll be in
future for you to make small videos
As you can see I am level 2 90 and 1
degree I start consider myself in now
currently between 1750 1508 850
Sorry Cups on that the booty
actually relatively good then mine
village so I have everything now
already relatively high upgrade for city hall
level 9
the walls are still one
Bit of the world and I grab
archers alongside with and pour in
usually five with him in the
fight and the rest the archer
then my hero is the true king
is level 6 and the music like them
is on level the great i just got up
lewis off so they just this
Special ability then still has to my
little I am in the small storm rider
So from level 100 you can
Of course, we would be very interested
looking forward
Then I wanted you one more time
show attack as I attack
So I usually look for opponents
So 200,000 of them should have
but it is a little bit under it
should be stop in the collectors then
In the little castle I usually have
magicians and archers and right here
you can actually find in the gold league 2
to 1 is found even slightly opponent the
I would have a lot of prey for the farm
Real gold digger 1 recommended
it is not quite here with dark elaxy
you just have to do a little bit
have patience because the opponents here too
I'm not so good but I say it
just enough from the dark but it stops
not extremely much
we already have one here
one clearly sees that has
very many jewels bought
here the bow on level 2 the heroes
the banks I to 5 and not more
otherwise the village is now I think
very bad
The prey is good 30 cups and therefore
I reach for now at first
really always the heroes then i would
I can say that here
the heroes are coming
here is the whole loot of the collectors
maybe you see that here too
are already full
Now we have to get the heroes
then create a distraction here
which pointed the rushed sorry to
Archers do that was not so
planned
then look always in case
Outbuildings are that I am the beginning
break something
right now we still have to go to the
to get goldmines
So 180,000 that's quite in
order
I look then stop whatever I
in a star at least that creates
I have not always been awarded a cup
exactly yet 80 you archers the
maybe I'll try it here again
It would not be bad to come drill
So 50 actually it should be synonymous
Loosely done 40 percent now
they should also go to dark
400 dark that's not really
as such
these are ten cups
that is actually a relatively good one
Do not take a prey because I do not even have all
troops used 180000 and 400
It was exactly that , too
already for my first video
I will finally be just for you
make these clevelands videos and if
you liked the video but let it
a thumb up or not subscribed
with pleasure